# abjoines.github.io
After reading the website about the World Wide Web and the Internet my understanding is that the internet is what connects different computers together and allows them to communicate. Considering it is connected like your telephone is, it’s easy to remember that that's how we are able to communicate with people who are on different computers. The web is the like an application that you have on your computer. Once you have the web you can view websites which are made up of web pages. The web is called a web because all of these websites are connected. They can be connected using links and which are in the text of a webpage. These links allow you to click through to a new page with different content. Each page has its own address. This is called the URL which contains the information required for your computer to understand what you’re looking for. A URL contains the http designation, your domain name, and usually the file or page that you are looking at. Your computer uses the info from the URL to find and understand the website. HTTP is how your computer communicates with the server that the website is on. After being able to communicate and send the right pages etc your computer now has to be able to read them and understand them. The language your computer uses to do that is HTML. HTML is what all websites and web pages are written in and is the language that computers use to structure and format the pages. So basically HTTP is what is used to find websites and HTML is what is sued to understand them and lay them out. Your browser uses these to communicate with the server that the websites are on. Your browser is what you’re using to access the internet like safari or chrome and the server is where all the websites are stored. 
